1. Dr. Kamal Kumar Ghanshala(President)
Prof.(Dr) Kamal Ghanshala is an engineer, entrepreneur and a philanthropist and posseses excellent academic credentials with Bachelor’s and Master's degree in Computer Science & Engineering and Doctoral degree in Computer Science from Kumaon University, Nainital. GEU is a realization of his vision to put on Doon landscape a university that is all round enabler of excellence for youth.
Prof. Ghanshala is a proactive chancellor and a teacher par excellence. He is inarguably, one of the leading experts in teaching of Computer Aided Design (CAD) and ‘C’ language. His plethora of knowledge is not just confined to the four walls of university but also reflected in many research papers he has written and for which he has been felicitated, at national and international levels, such as in Croatia, Denmark, Johannesburg, Turkey, London, Paris Germany and Thailand. He has received wide spread recognition for his leadership qualities and management acumen. He is also an avid sportsman

2. Dr. Devesh Pratap Singh(Professor)
Dr. Devesh Pratap Singh is a Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Dr. Devesh Pratap Singh is a distinguished professional in the field of Computer Science and Engineering, with a robust academic background and extensive research contributions. Holding a M.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering from Uttarakhand Technical University, Dehradun, India, and a Ph.D. in the same discipline from Graphic Era Deemed to be University, Dehradun, Dr. Singh has established himself as a prominent figure in the academic community.
Currently serving as a Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at Graphic Era Deemed to be University, Dehradun, India, Dr. Singh plays a pivotal role in shaping the next generation of computer scientists. His dedication to education is reflected in his commitment to fostering a dynamic learning environment and guiding students in their academic and research pursuits.
Dr. Singh’s research interests span a wide array of cutting-edge topics, including Bio-inspired algorithms, security, Internet of Things (IoT), and Wireless Sensor Networks. His scholarly endeavors have resulted in the publication of over 129 papers in renowned international journals and conferences, showcasing the depth and breadth of his contributions to the field.
As a senior member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Dr. Singh is actively engaged in the global scientific community.

3. Prof. (Dr.) Durgaprasad Gangodkar(Professor)
Prof. Gangodkar has a professional experience of more than 25 years. He worked with a renowned German Multinational Siemens Ltd., for around 6 years. Where he was involved in developing software solutions using Real-time operating systems for various industries in India and abroad. His excellence was rewarded with Distinguished Employee Award at Siemens Ltd. Over the past 20 years, he is involved in research, teaching various courses at UG and PG level; guided research scholars, projects at UG and PG level.
He has contributed many novel techniques in varied fields of research resulting in patents and publications in reputed international conferences and high impact factor journals including IEEE Transactions, Springer, Elsevier, Taylor and Francis and so on..
Prof. Gangodkar has been instrumental in developing various computing and research facilities including a Private Cloud computing facility, Hadoop Cluster for storage and analysis of Big Data, MPI Cluster for distributed computing, Multicore computing facility and so on..
Prof. Gangodkar has been associated with Graphic Era for the past 18 years in various capacities, including Member Board of Management, Member Academic council, Dean Engineering, Dean Research, Head Dept. of CSE, University Coordinator NAAC, NBA and so on. Currently he is working as Dean Academics, Dean International Affairs and Professor at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Graphic Era Deemed to be University

4. Dr. Sushil Chandra Dimri(Assistant Professor)
Dr. Sushil Chandra Dimri has the 4 year Industry experience and his teaching experience is more than 23 years. He authored 10 books on Mathematics and Computer Science for UG and PG students and guided many projects at UG and PG level.
Dr. Dimri guided 5 PhD’s and 4-PhD Scholars are working under his supervision. His areas of interest are Machine learning techniques, Designing algorithms and Resource Optimization. He is editor, reviewer for many reputed journals, He has more than 80 research publications in national and international journals, along with 5 published patents.

5. Dr. Surender Singh Samant(Professor)
Dr. Surender Singh Samant has been affiliated with the Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) at Graphic Era Deemed to be University since September 30 2024. He has worked previously with renowned institutions such as Sun Microsystems (3 years) and BITS Pilani (8 years).
He teaches Computer Science subjects such as Unix System Programming, Operating Systems, and Natural Language Processing. He is supervising three doctoral students. He likes to spend his free time training Large Language Models for leading AI companies, using technologies such as RLHF.